Israeli forces have raided a school just
north of Hebron in the occupied West
Bank dozens of Palestinian workers from
Gaza have been Sheltering at that school
and they had been unable to return home
since the war broke out and Israel
closed the Border let's get more on this
from Nida Ibrahim who's in rala for us
in the occupied West Bank nid what
happened to that school why was it
raid well let me just give you some
context about those workers who have
been kicked out from their work and
they've returned to the occupied West
Bank some of them returned to ramala
when the numbers started increasing the
Palestinian Authority was trying to move
them in different locations to provide
them with shelter and provide them with
the uh food and and everything while
they're watching the difficult scenes of
their families that are taking place
because of the bombardment in the
besieged Gaza Strip now what happened
overnight is that an Israeli that the
Israeli forces have raided the school
that they were Sheltering in in habon
and arrested 30 of them so according to
many of those workers who have been in
ramala they've been scared of that that
the Israeli forces would arrest them
there's no uh uh for them they don't
know why they're being arrested some of
them have lost their families already in
the bombardment so you can imagine the
amount of fear the amount of pain that
they're in because they're away from
their families and watching their news
only on TV so we are not sure why
they've been arrested but we know that
the Israeli forces have arrested also
other people in habron and they say that
they uh have been affiliated with Hamas
so you can imagine the intensity of the
situation and the feelings of those
workers who cannot go home but also are
being arrested while they are in the
occupied West Bank nid we're also
getting reports of a Sittin happening
what can you tell
us well there's a weekly sit in by the
families of Palestinians prisoners that
takes place for years now that has been
taking place on Tuesdays but now it's
taking a bigger importance because the
families are saying that they've
received news from some Nos and some
human rights organizations working here
saying that there's a limited access to
electricity and water for those
Palestinians who have been detained in
Israeli jails and indeed we've seen
Israeli politicians talk on Israeli
media saying that they're going to cut
electricity cut water to the Palestinian
detes withheld by Israel and as the
numbers of those Palestinians increase
now we're talking about 600 people since
the beginning of the escalation who have
been rounded up by Israeli forces you
can imagine that more families are
worried about the futures of their sons
they're not sure how uh their their
living conditions are and we've been
reporting in the past that some of those
Palestinian prisoners say that they've
been subject to torture so they have
been subject to humiliation so it's
really hard now for Palestinian families
because they're not having visitation to
their sons to know what's happening
inside the Israeli prisons but there's a
lot of fear and that's why the
Palestinian families are protesting now
to kind of shed light on the issue of
prisoners they fear that while eyes are
on Gaza that the Israeli forces are
going to be imposing more restrictions
and more measures against Palestinian
prisoners n Abraham reporting from ala
in the occupied West Bank thank you very
much